the depth perception that your
stereoscopic vision provides is
one of the most important tools
in your visual tool box to
illustrate just how useful it is
try this simple experiment take
two coins
preferably of the same size and
pinch one in each hand
raise your arms at your sides
and quickly touch the edges of
the two coins together in front
of you
not too hard right now reset
your arms and try it again with
one eye closed without slightly
different perspectives from both
eyes creating a helpful sense of
depth the task becomes much
harder
the way our eyes are positioned
and the key in depth perception
that comes with them gave humans
evolutionary advantages that
have helped us survive and
thrive
thank your depth perception the
next time you're able to take
the money and run